(Narrator) Previously
on Yu-Gi-Oh VRAINS.
Now Magician!
Cyber Magic Attack!
(timer beeping)
(man groans)
♪♪♪
Who are you?
Winning this battle against
you is my only objective.
Finish him!
Shimmering Straight Shot!
(man yells)
What exactly did you
do to Kolter's brother?
He ain't talking good cop,
but I know how to get
him to spill the beans.
(man groans)
Ai?
You must have eaten a virus.
Huh?
Who are you?
Just hang in there Bohman.
(Yusaku) Stop!
Hm, Bit and Boot,
you two are up!
Duel mode initiated.
Fork over that Ignis if
you know what's good for you.
(thunder rumbles)
♪♪♪
I'll hold off
these clowns for ya.
You can go after the
other two guys, Playmaker.
Okay.
Well Flame, you in the
mood to duel these two?
Always.
Let's bring the heat.
The name is Soulburner.
I'm only telling
you my name because,
I figured you'd like to know
whose sending you home in ashes.
Chief, are you
seeing what I'm seeing?
Yes, that duelist
has an Ignis.
Hey, heads up!
Well that's not
something you see everyday.
There's another Ignis?
You two looking to throw down?
Come on it's two on one.
Soulburner, you
do of course realize
that two on one is
against the rules?
Are you worried
that I'm gonna lose?
What?
Of course not.
Cool, cool, that's
what I thought.
Because you have me, Flame!
The greatest tag
partner anyone can have.
That's Flame, F-L-A-M-E.
F for ferocious.
L for leisure.
The A is for Awesome, naturally.
M for magnificent and
E for elucidating.
Right, got it Flame.
So you ready to go kick
their tail or what?
Of course, what's
taking you so long?
Do you rerecall what
our mission directive
is again, Boot?
It's to take
down an Ignis, Bit.
Yes and they never
said Playmakers,
meaning any Ignis would workify.
And there's one right there.
Initiate combinatorix.
What?
♪♪♪
Ahh.
Combinatorix complete.
I am not longer Bit.
And I'm no longer Boot.
(Both) Together
we are Bitboot.
Ahh, weird flex, but
whatever works for you.
Oh, this is technically
now a one-on-one duel,
that's one way to
skirt the rules.
Ahh, those avatars combine
like an old bag of hard candy.
This is just the
story to take us
from the outhouse
to the penthouse.
Let's get cranking!
Right, boss (squawks).
Speed Duel.
We are going first, capiche?
I begin by suminifying
D-Scale Saber Sardine
(electronics beeping)
Saber Sardine's special
ability lets us walk
over 500 light points to
summon a D-Scale token.
And with these two monsters,
We can bridge our circuit.
We setifize our Saber Sardine
and our token in
the link arrows.
(Both) We link summon.
Link to D-Scale battles Coela.
Whoa, nice catch.
Next, we activate our
spell D-Scale torpedo
and equipulate it
with Battle Coela.
And this here swimmer's got
other tricks up its fins'.
Indeed, it can matricularize
itself from the extra
Monster Zone to the
main Monster Zone.
Huh, why would they
move their monster?
Yeah.
You don't need to
percolate long for an answer.
It's moved so that
I can maximize
the effectivity of my
skilled Marker's Portal.
It permits me to activitate
a links spell from our deck.
This one to be precising.
Please, now focus
your oculids and gaze
upon on the links
spell, Judgment Arrows!
When a Link Monster
that's connected to
Judgment Arrows battles,
it's attack points get doubled.
But, on the down side,
if Judgment Arrows
leaves the field,
all their monsters next
to it's links get iced.
That crazy hybrid mash up's
playing with links spells too?
Not just any links
spell, but Judgment Arrows.
The same card that was
used against Playmaker.
And against the Cyberse,
even if they weren't
directly involved
with the destruction
of my whole world,
they must know who's behind it.
That's info we must acquire.
That's true.
Plus, they just deserve
a good old smack down.
We activitate our
Coela's ability,
allowing us to move our
aquaderm to a new location,
indicitated by Judgment Arrows.
Consequently, sliding one
space over in the Monster Zone.
Why would you move
your monster again?
Everything we do
serves a purpose.
And that purpose is
going to clobber ya,
'cause we're puttin'
our equip spell
D-Scale torpedo into action.
Every time the
monster it's equipped
to swims to another space,
you take 800 points of damage.
Damage every time
that thing moves?
No wonder why
people hate moving.
Nice one.
Since Coela ambulated
twice this turn,
you receive 1600
points of damage.
(explosion booms)
(computer beeping)
(evil laughing)
Our three card combinatorium
will keep slashing away
your life points every turn.
Until you ain't
got nothing left.
Except for your Ignis,
which we will possessify.
(Both) We end our turn.
Ah man, I don't know
how many more times
I'll be able to survive
taking a pounding like that.
Thrice, to be precise.
If their monster moves
three more times we lose.
You must break their
combo before then.
Then that's exactly
what I'll do, Flame.
I draw!
First, I'll place
this face down.
Next, by sending
Salamangreat Foxy,
in my hand, to the
graveyard, I can summon
Salamangreat in the air.
And Salamangreat Foxy has
it's own special ability.
When there is a face up
Speller-Trap card on the field
and you have two, I can
send another Salamangreat,
in my hand, to the
graveyard, to revive Foxy.
Then Foxy gets to destroy one
of those Speller-Trap cards.
So, your judgment arrows
is going up in flames.
(blazing fire)
I perish the thought
It ain't happening
Since we used our skill
marker's portal to call out
this card, none of your effects
or abilities can destroy it.
Seriously?
Ah, yes. Seriously.
Why wouldn't they be serious?
Remind me to teach you
about being rhetorical.
But, for now we've
got to battle.
Salamangreat Falcon's ability
activates from my graveyard.
My returning Salamangreat
mirror to my hand,
Falcon takes it's place.
And when Salamangreat
mirror returns to my hand
then, I can automatically
summon him right back
to the field.
(computer beeps and
small explosion)
Yes, with three monsters,
infinite options
appear before you.
But, there is only one optimal
choice, a links summon.
You may proceed.
Um, thank you, Flame.
I blaze the circuit that
scorches the path to the future.
♪♪♪
I set Salamangreat mirror,
Foxy and Falcon
in the link arrow.
I link summon.
Link three.
Salamangreat Heatleo.
♪♪♪
(roar)
(computer beeps)
Big deal.
That monster ain't strong
enough to beat ours.
Then you ought a
realize that attack points
aren't everything because
Salamangreat Heatleo's
special ability
returns one of your
face up Speller-Trap
cards to your deck.
Judgment arrows
can't be destroyed,
but it certainly
can be returned.
(Both) Oh, no.
Resounding roar.
(explosion)
♪♪♪
This is not a positive
procession of events.
You said yourself that
when judgment arrows
is no longer out on the field,
the monster that was next to
it's link is extinguished.
With nothing left
on their field,
they are wide open
for a direct attack.
No doubt.
Heatleo, attack
Bitboot's life points.
(explosion)
♪♪♪
Ahh!
Oh, yeah.
I end my turn.
Wow, these peepers
of mine haven't seen
dueling this dynamic
since they eyed Playmaker
toppling the Tower of Hanoi.
How much do you think an
exclusive interview will go for?
Well, a whole lot
more than not enough.
♪♪♪
Uh, Mr. Zizan, Sir,
it's really weird.
None of the cards they are
playing are in our database.
But the only cards that
are not in our database
are Cybers cards.
So, if he is playing them,
it must mean he is one of the
victims of the lost incident.
This Soulburner is
certainly duelititing
more imprestically
than I expected.
Yeah, but that don't mean
he can duel better than us.
It's our turn.
We draw.
We will start by summoning
D-scale Piercing Saury.
(computer beeping)
Then, we toss Saber
Sardine to the graveyard
to activate Piercing
Saury's special ability.
It allows us to
resuscive a D-Scale monster
from our graveyard by cutting
it's attack points in half.
D-Scale Battle
Ceolo ain't sleeping
with the fishes no more.
♪♪♪
(computer beeps)
And that's just step one.
And we doubt we will
relish step two, Soulburner.
That's right.
I use my skill.
What?
Marker's portal.
It let's me activate my
Link's Spell Judgment Arrows.
Hold the breaks, Tinfoil.
That's totally cheating.
A duelist may only use
a skill once per duel.
Duh, we know.
That's why Bit used
his skill last time.
And Boot is using
his skill this time.
Well, I still think
that it's cheating.
We don't care what you think.
We set D-Scale Piercing
Saury battle Ceolo
in the Link arrows.
(shooting)
(in unison) We link summon.
Link three D-Scale
Full Metal Dunkle.
(crashing)
(computer beeping)
It's tearing
down the buildings.
We'll be next if
we aren't careful.
(rumbling)
♪♪♪
We'll waste this
here card, face down.
But, we don't think we are
actually going to need it.
'Cause Full Metal
Dunkle is gonna end you.
Attack.
Destructify his
Salamangreat Heatleo.
Judgment arrows doubles Full
Metal Dunkle's attack points.
So, that's enough to wipe out
the rest of your life points.
(in unison)
It's lights out, Soulburner.
(explosions)
♪♪♪
(explosion)
The duel is over.
So is Soulburner.
Really?
(in unison) Huh?
No way!
How are you still
breathitating?
I activate my trap
card, energy of fire.
I get to take Salamangreat
Falcon from my graveyard
and return it to my deck
to regain life points,
equal to attack points,
and there is more.
My Heatleo can't be
destroyed in battle.
(explosion)
(compute beeping)
Not to shabby, if
I do say so myself.
Ah, you think that
changes anything?
You won't maintain
your survivalness
when your life points are barely
above the disintegration line.
So, go ahead, take your turn.
(in unison)
It will be the final one
of your entire existence.
Or maybe it will be
the final one of yours.
I draw.
♪♪♪
Oh, yeah. I can
play this spell to -
You can do no such
thing, Soulburner.
Say what?
We activate our trap
card, D-Scale Chaff.
We add up the number of
cards you gots in your hands
and the number of monsters
you gots on your field.
And if that number equals our
Full Metal Dunkle's links
this trap gets trapin'.
Full Metal Dunkle is link
three. And I visualte two cards
in your hand and one
monster on your field,
which additions up to three.
So, D-Scale Chaff activates.
Negate both cards in your hand
and your monster's
special abilities.
Once more, it also
chains up your Heatleo
so it can't attack.
You've been locked down.
All you gots is a
whole lot of somethings
that adds up to nothing.
But we did quite enjoy
your momentary expression
of hope, that just
as quickly faded away
as you comprensified
there's nothing you can do.
Hmm.
Hey, Flamer, you hearing this?
They think we can't
do anything because
we aren't able to
play our cards.
Yes, what a foolish mistake.
One that they will
pay for, most dearly.
What?
Without your cards?
What can you do?
A lot.
Now watch.
I activate my skill by
lowering my life points
all the way down to 100.
I'm then allowed to
go and draw a card
for every 1000 life
points that I sacrificed.
Bring the heat, Soulburner.
(fire explosion)
I'll set the world a flame.
Go!
Burning draw!
♪♪♪
Oh, yeah.
Just what the doctor ordered.
I activate the field spell,
Salamangreat sanctuary.
♪♪♪
Since this field spell
is a new card we played,
your D-Scale Chaff
doesn't affect it.
So what?
It doesn't need to.
Not when all your
other cards are out work.
That's where you are wrong.
You may know how
to Links Summon,
but I have mastered it.
Go, Heatleo!
(burning)
♪♪♪
(explosion)
Reincarnation Links Summon.
(big explosion)
Rise again, from the
valley of flames,
Salamangreat Heatleo!
(roar)
♪♪♪
(computer beeping)
What?
Impossible.
Ahhh.
Heatleo isn't
chained up anymore.
He Houdinied it.
He didn't have the right
monsters to resummon Heatleo.
So how on earth did he do it?
Reincarnation Link Summon?
Well, that sure was new.
Instead of fulfilling the
usual Link Summoning conditions
Salamangreat Sanctuary's
effect lets me use
a Salamangreat Link
Monster to summon
another copy of
that same monster.
So you used Heatleo to
summonify a new Heatleo?
[Flame] Yes, except one that
isn't chained down by your trap.
Heatleo's ability reactivates
sending Judgment Arrows
back to your deck.
(fire rumbles)
(card explodes)
[Flame] When Judgment
Arrows leaves the field,
all monsters next to its links
are automatically destroyed.
[Bit] Or so you think!
[Boot] Fullmetal Dunkle
gots its own ability
that not only stops
it from bein' fileted
but it can also
move to another spot
in the Main Monster Zone.
And then it destroys the monster
that's vertically above it
meanin' your kitty cat's
losing all nine of its lives.
Meow!
(machine rumbling)
[Bit] Without Heatleo
you have nothing
to protectorate your next turn.
[Boot] Meanin' we got
you hook, line and sinker.
[Flame] Sigh, it's over.
We gave it our best, but it
was just not good enough.
It was your pleasure to
be my partner, Soulburner.
Hold up, Flame.
Why are you pretending
like we're going to lose?
[Flame] For drama.
Yeah, that's exactly
what I thought!
When Heatleo is
Reincarnation Link Summoned
it can change a
monster's attack points
to match those with
one in my graveyard.
Flame Possession!
Now Fullmetal
Dunkle's attack points
become the same as
Salamangreat Meer's.
(crashing)
(electronic beeping)
What, just 800 attack points?
Oh, no!
Oh, yes!
Heatleo, attack
Fullmetal Dunkle!
(fire rumbles)
Inferno strike!
(fire crashes)
(ship explodes)
(robotic screaming)
(electronic beeping)
(body thuds)
[Flame] How lucky for them.
That building broke their fall.
Let's loop back so
we can question 'em
and find out who
attacked the Cyberse.
[Flame] Right.
(Soulburner groans)
What's wrong, Soulburner?
Using Burning Draw
takes a lot out of me.
[Flame] Then you should
improve your dueling tactics
so that you can actually win
without using your skill.
Maybe you could just say that
you're glad it's not
life-threatening?
[Flame] Hmm, I see.
Aww, is my Burnsy-Wurnsy
okie-dokie?
I take it back.
(Flame giggles)
Your boneheaded
moves cost us, Bit!
No, it was your mistakes!
No, it was yours!
No, it's all your fault!
It's both your fault.
[Both] You should be fired!
(fire whooshing)
(both yelling)
Well, that's that.
[Ai] There they are!
Huh, what?
Seriously?
(Bohman groans)
Just hang on, Bohman.
It's okay, we're almost there.
(whooshing)
So sorry to tell ya, Playmaker,
but you won't be
getting Jin's data back!
You're wrong!
You won't get away with this!
Oh, I'm pretty sure
that we definitely will,
so you can drop the dream.
[Loudspeaker] Warning:
this area is restricted.
All trespassers will be deleted.
Warning: this area
is restricted.
All trespassers will be deleted.
Warning: this area
is restricted.
There's nowhere to escape!
[Loudspeaker] All
trespassers will be deleted.
Warning: this area
is restricted.
All trespassers will be deleted.
Warning: this area
is restricted.
All trespassers will be deleted.
Hey, Playmaker!
Looks like the two
of them got away.
How'd they pull off
gettin' through?
(siren blaring)
[Loudspeaker] Restricted
area has been breached.
All avatars in proximity
will be deleted.
Repeat: restricted
area has been breached.
All avatars in proximity
will be deleted.
Well then, that's my
cue to log outta here.
You should get outta
here too, Playmaker.
Before you go, who are you?
The name's Soulburner.
Be seein' ya around!
Soulburner, huh?
I'm sure that you will.
♪♪♪